First 3 pages for the mobile developer guide (#10)
bcgov/mobile-developer-guide: docs/getting_started.md

> # Getting Started

Reviewer: I wonder if changing the language here to "How to create a new app" would be better here? I could see us also wanting a "getting started developing" section for new devs coming on to an existing project covering some of the stuff we learned from Apple yesterday.

Author: I'm not sure about "How to create a new app" as I think that implies something more technical? Like creating a new app in Xcode or Android Studio. I dunno though.

I envisioned this page to discuss what is needed at the onboarding meeting. That includes the info needed to get setup on the Apple and Google stores. Plus finding out what the team is building and if they have the resources in place.

Maybe something like:
* Onboard Meeting
* Project Initiation
* Kickoff meeting
* Something else

Thoughts?

Author: renamed to "Project initiation"

> You have an idea for an app. You have approval from your ministry and you're excited to start building. However, before getting started, book an onboarding meeting with the [Developer Experience Team](contact.md). This meeting will help us set up your project in the mobile developer accounts. To make the most of our time together, gather the information outlined below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have an idea for an app and you have approval from your ministry. You're excited to start building. 

Before getting started, book an onboarding meeting with the [Developer Experience team](contact.md). This meeting helps us set up your project in the mobile developer accounts. To make the most of our time together, prepare for the meeting and gather the required information.
```

## Information to prepare for your onboard meeting

| General information | Response |
|------|-------|

> | Product Owner name<sup>1</sup> | |

Reviewer 2: Overall I find this a weird way to format the table and corresponding info, using the superscript.

Author: Reformatted the page

| Techical Owner name<sup>1</sup> | |
| Targeted audience<sup>2</sup>| |
| App name| |
| App application/bundle ID<sup>3</sup> | | 
| Apple services<sup>4</sup> | |
| App platform<sup>5</sup>| |
| Who owns the code<sup>6</sup> | |
| Where is the code located<sup>7</sup>|
| App management access<sup>8</sup>||
| Does the app need a new backend service<sup>9</sup>| |

> 1. Provide contact information for both the product and technical owners. Ideally, both positions should be government employees. 

Reviewer 2: bullets don't have periods at the end

Reviewer 2: applies to all

Author: fixed bullet points in new version

1. Please provide any capabilities the Apple app will require, such as push notifications, maps etc... Please refer to [Apple's capabilities documentation](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/reference/supported-capabilities-ios/) for the complete list.
1. Is the app for both Android and iOS devices or only one platform (e.g. only iOS).
1. Does the app's intellectual property belong to the ministry or the vendor? 
1. Please provide this information if the ministry owns the app's intellectual property. Will the code be in GitHub, BitBucket Server, or somewhere else? Can the code be public? If the code will live on the [bcgov GitHub organization](https://github.com/bcgov), then please provide the GitHub Ids of the developers. We will add them to the organization.
1. Who should have access to manage the app on the app stores and what access level should they have? Please refer to the [App Managment](app_management.md) section for more details.

> 1. If yes, have you talked to the [Platform Service Team](https://cloud.gov.bc.ca)?

Author: reworded the sentence
